Art and design subject page (#4138)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/explore-subjects/art-and-design.md

---
title: Become an art and design teacher
title_paragraph: |-
  <p>

>   Teaching art and design opens up a world of creativity.  When pupils create, they learn to take risks, embrace mistakes, and persevere to bring their ideas to life.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Teaching art and design opens up a world of creativity. When pupils create, they learn to take risks, embrace mistakes, and persevere to bring their ideas to life.</p>
```

  <p>

>   Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_artanddesign$ are available for eligible trainee art and design teachers.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Tax-free bursaries are available for eligible trainee art and design teachers.</p>
```
Remove bursaries value as figure is from last year

description: |-

>     Find out how to become an art and design teacher, including what you'll be teaching and what funding is available to help you train.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Explore what's involved in becoming an art and design teacher, including what you'll be teaching and what funding is available to help you train.
```

layout: "layouts/minimal"
colour: pastel yellow-yellow

> image: "static/images/content/hero-images/maths.jpg"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image: "static/images/content/hero-images/0031.jpg"
```
